4K3PSEEHH¥E#€€EEH¥¥#N£H¥¥RN#FH}
restrictions regarding the retrieval, storage, and
dissemination of the archived data. In addition, NSA's OGC
shall review and approve proposed queries of archived meta
data based on seed numbers reasonably believed to be used
by U.S. persons.

D. Although the data collected under this Order will
necessarily be broad, the use of that information for
analysis shall be strictly tailored to identifying
terrorist communications and shall occur solely according
to the procedures described in the application, including
the minimization procedures designed to protect U.S. person
information. Specifically, dissemination of U.S. person
information shall follow the standard NSA minimization
procedures found in the Attorney General—approved
guidelines (U.S. Signals Intelligence Directive 18).
Before information identiiying a U.S. person may be
disseminated outside of NSA, a judgment must be made that
the identity of the U.S. person is necessary to understand
the foreign intelligence information or to assess its
importance. Prior to the dissemination of any U.S. person
identifying information, the Chief of Information Sharing
Services in the Signals intelligence Directorate must

determine that the information identifying the U.S. person

4FQESEGRE¥#GQ%H%H¥$KH%¥HW%%R&

