 

Defense; and

(k) Use the Intelligence Community elements within the
Department of Defense identified in section 1.7(b) through (f)
and, when the Coast Guard is operating as part of the Department
of Defense,

(h) above to carry out the Secretary of Defense's
responsibilities assigned in this section or other departments,
agencies, or offices within the Department of Defense, as
appropriate, to conduct the intelligence missions and
responsibilities assigned to the Secretary of Defense.

1.11 Zhe Department of HOmeland Security. In addition to the
authorities exercised by the Office of Intelligence and Analysis
of the Department of Homeland Security under sections 1.4 and
1.7(i) of this order, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall
conduct, through the United States Secret Service, activities to
determine the existence and capability of surveillance equipment
being used against the President or the Vice President of the
United States, the Executive Office of the President, and,

as authorized by the Secretary of Homeland Security or the
President, other Secret Service protectees and United States
officials. No information shall be acquired intentionally
through such activities except to protect against use of such
surveillance equipment, and those activities shall be conducted
pursuant to procedures agreed upon by the Secretary of Homeland
Security and the Attorney General.

1.12 The Department of Energy. In addition to the authorities
exercised by the Office of Intelligence and Counterintelligence
of the Department of Energy under sections 1.4 and 1.7(i) of
this order, the Secretary of Energy shall:

(a) Provide expert scientific, technical, analytic, and
research capabilities to other agencies within the Intelligence

Community, as appropriate;

27

