 

(b) Participate in formulating intelligence collection and
analysis requirements where the special expert capability of the
Department can contribute; and

(c) Participate with the Department of State in overtly
collecting information with respect to foreign energy matters.
1.13 The Federal Bureau of Investigation. In addition to the
authorities exercised by the intelligence elements of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation of the Department of Justice
under sections 1.4 and 1.7(g) of this order and under the
supervision of the Attorney General and pursuant to such
regulations as the Attorney General may establish, the Director
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall provide technical
assistance, within or outside the United States, to foreign
intelligence-and law enforcement services, consistent with
section 1.3(b)(20) and (21) of this order, as may be necessary
to support national or departmental missions.

PART 2 Conduct of Intelligence Activities

2.1 Need. Timely, accurate, and insightful information about
the activities, capabilities, plans, and intentions of foreign
powers, organizations, and persons, and their agents, is
essential to informed decisionmaking in the areas of national
security, national defense, and foreign relations. Collection
of such information is a priority objective and will be pursued
in a vigorous, innovative, and responsible manner that is
consistent with the Constitution and applicable law and
respectful of the principles upon which the United States was
founded.

2.2 Purpose. This Order is intended to enhance human and
technical collection techniques, especially those undertaken
abroad, and the acquisition of significant foreign intelligence,
as well as the detection and countering of international

terrorist activities, the spread of weapons of mass destruction,

28

