 

and espionage conducted by foreign powers. Set forth below are
certain general principles that, in addition to and consistent
with applicable laws, are intended to achieve the proper balance
between the acquisition of essential information and protection
of individual interests. Nothing in this Order shall be
construed to apply to or interfere with any authorized civil or
criminal law enforcement responsibility of any department or
agency.

2.3 Collection of information. Elements of the Intelligence
Community are authorized to collect, retain, or disseminate
information concerning United States persons only in accordance
with procedures established by the head of the Intelligence'
Community element concerned or by the head of a department
containing such element and approved by the Attorney General,
consistent with the authorities provided by Part 1 of this
Order, after consultation with the Director. Those procedures
shall permit collection, retention, and dissemination of the
following types of information:

(a) Information that is publicly available or collected
with the consent of the person concerned;

(b) Information constituting foreign intelligence or
counterintelligence, including such information concerning
corporations or other commercial organizations. Collection
within the United States of foreign intelligence not otherwise
obtainable shall be undertaken by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI) or, when significant foreign intelligence is
sought, by other authorized elements of the Intelligence
Community, provided that no foreign intelligence collection by
such elements may be undertaken for the purpose of acquiring
information concerning the domestic activities of United States
persons;

(0) Information obtained in the course of a lawful foreign

29

