 

Director in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and
approved by the Attorney General.

2.4 Collection Techniques. Elements of-the Intelligence
Community shall use the least intrusive collection techniques
feasible within the United States or directed against

United States persons abroad. Elements of the Intelligence
Community are not authorized to use such techniques as
electronic surveillance, unconsented physical searches, mail\
surveillance, physical surveillance, or monitoring devices
unless they are in accordance with procedures established by the
head of the Intelligence Community element concerned or the head
of a department containing such element and approved by the
Attorney General, after consultation with the Director. Such
procedures shall protect constitutional and other legal rights
and limit use of such information to lawful governmental
purposes. These procedures shall not authorize:

(a) The Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) to engage in
electronic surveillance within the United States except for the
purpose of training, testing, or conducting countermeasures to
hostile electronic surveillance;

(b) Unconsented physical searches in the United States by
elements of the Intelligence Community other than the FBI,
except for:

(1) Searches by counterintelligence elements of the
military services directed against military personnel within the
United States or abroad for intelligence purposes, when
authorized by a military commander empowered to approve physical
searches for law enforcement purposes, based upon a finding of
probable cause to believe that such persons are acting as agents
of foreign powers; and

(2) Searches by CIA of personal property of nonâ€”

United States persons lawfully in its possession;

31

