participate in law enforcement activities to investigate or
prevent clandestine intelligence activities by foreign powers,
or international terrorist or narcotics activities;

(c) Provide Specialized equipment, technical knowledge, or
assistance of expert personnel for use by any department or
agency, or when lives are endangered, to support local law
enforcement agencies. Provision of assistance by expert
personnel shall be approved in each case by the general counsel
of the providing element or department; and

(d) Render any other assistance and cooperation to law
enforcement or other civil authorities not precluded by
applicable law.

2.7 Contracting. Elements of the Intelligence Community are
authorized to enter into contracts or arrangements for the
provision of goods or services with private companies or
institutions in the United States and need not reveal the
sponsorship of such contracts or arrangements for authorized
intelligence purposes. Contracts or arrangements with academic
institutions may be undertaken only with the consent of
appropriate officials of the institution.

2.8 Consistency With Other Laws. Nothing in this Order shall be
construed to authorize any activity in violation of the
Constitution or statutes of the United States.

2.9 Undisclosed Participation in Organizations Within the
United States. No one acting on behalf of elements of the
Intelligence Community may join or otherwise participate in any
organization_in the United States on behalf of any element of
the Intelligence Community without disclosing such personâ€™s
intelligence affiliation to appropriate officials of the
organization, except in accordance with procedures established
by the head of the Intelligence Community element concerned or

the head of a department containing such element and approved by

33

