 

be implemented in accordance with applicable law, including
title V of the Act. The requirements of applicable law,
including title V of the Act, shall apply to all covert action
activities as defined in this Order.

3.2 Implementation. The President, supported by the NSC,

and the Director shall issue such appropriate directives,
procedures, and guidance as are necessary to implement this
order.- Heads of elements within the Intelligence Community
shall issue appropriate procedures and supplementary directives
consistent with this order. No procedures to implement Part 2
of this order shall be issued without the Attorney General's
approval, after consultation with the Director. The Attorney
General shall provide a statement of reasons for not approving
any procedures established by the head of an element in the
Intelligence Community (or the head of the department containing
such element) other than the FBI. In instances where the
element head or department head and the Attorney General are
unable to reach agreements on other than constitutional or other
legal grounds, the Attorney General, the head of department
concerned, or the Director shall refer the matter to the NSC.
3.3 Procedures. The activities herein authorized that

require procedures shall be conducted in accordance with
existing procedures or requirements established under Executive
Order 12333. New procedures, as required by Executive

Order 12333, as further amended, shall be established as
expeditiously as possible. All new procedures promulgated
pursuant to Executive Order 12333, as amended, shall be made
available to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate
and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House
of Representatives.

3.4 References and Transition. References to "Senior Officials

of the Intelligence Community" or "SOICs" in executive orders or

35

