TOP SECRET/ISU/ORCON/NOFORN

 

Description of Information

ClassiÔ¨Åcation
[Markings

Reason

Declassification
Date

Remarks

 

 

STELLARWIND.

 

 

 

 

certain data from the STLW
compartment, not all legacy
data (to include reporting) was
automatically removed from
the STLW compartment.
Consequently there is reporting
in the STLW databases that is
eligible to be removed from the
compartment, but was not. The
data still carries a STLW
marking and must be protected
as such until it is formally
removed from the
compartment. Consequently, it
is necessary to restrict access to
existing reports to all but a
cadre of cleared SIGINT
Intelligence Directorate
Counterterrorism personnel.
Additional RFI can be used to
identify information needed to
be reviewed and subsequently
removed from the STLW
compartment. Distribution may
be expanded. If reporting is
removed from the STLW
compartment and reissued,
procedures must be in place so
that the source of the
information can be readily
determined.

(U//FOUO) Information
currently marked as STLW
remains compartmented until
appropriate action is taken

 

TOP SECRET/lSI/lORCON/NOFORN

28

 

