TOP SE CRE T //S T L W//COMIN T /0RC ONﬂV 0F ORN

S 1109-0002
WORKING DRAFT

Telephony metadata
Internet metadata

(TS//SI//NF) NSA could collect the content and associated metadata of
telephony and Internet communications for which there was probable cause
to believe that one of the communicants was in Afghanistan or that one
communicant was engaged in or preparing for acts of international
terrorism. In addition, NSA was authorized to acquire telephony and
Internet metadata for communications with at least one communicant
outside the United States or for which no communicant was known to be a
citizen of the United States. NSA was also allowed to retain, process,
analyze and disseminate intelligence from the communications acquired
under the authority.

(U//FOUO) Subsequent Changes to the Authorization

(TS/lSI/lNF) After the ﬁrst Presidential authorization, the speciﬁc terms,
wording, or interpretation of the renewals periodically changed. (See
Appendix B for a completed listing of changes.)

(TS//SI//NF) Domestic Collection. The wording of the ﬁrst
authorization could have been interpreted to allow domestic content
collection where both communicants were located in the U.S. or were U.S.
persons. General Hayden recalled that when the Counsel to the Vice
President pointed this out, General Hayden told him that NSA would not
collect domestic communications because 1) NSA was a foreign intelligence
agency, 2) NSA infrastructure did not support domestic collection, and 3) his
personal standard was so high that there would be no problem getting a
FISC order for domestic collection.

(TS//SI//NF) Afghanistan. In January 2002, after the Taliban was forced
out of power, Afghanistan was no longer speciﬁcally identiﬁed in the
Authorization.

(TS//SI//NF) Iraqi Intelligence Service. For a limited period of time
surrounding the 2003 invasion of Iraq, the President authorized the use of
PSP authority against the Iraqi Intelligence Service. On 28 March 2003,
the DCI determined that, based on then current intelligence, the Iraqi
Intelligence service was engaged in terrorist activities and presented a
threat to U.S. interests in the United States and abroad. Through the
Deputy DCI, Mr. Tenet received the President’s concurrence that PSP
authorities could be used against the Iraqi Intelligence Service. NSA
ceased using the Authority for this purpose in March 2004.

TOP SE CRE T //S T L W//C OMIN T /0R C ONﬂV 0F ORN

