Page 116

(TSIISIJINFI Expanding PRISM Sharing Hith FBI and CIA

 

 

 

ﬂy sausaeuacno: on 2312—88—31 694?

 

{TSIJSIJINFJ S cial Source 0 erations {550] has

   
 
  

Through these efforts. 550 has
created an environment of sharing and teaming across the
Intelligence Community on PRISM operations. FirstI 550's
PRINTAURA team solved a problem for the Signals
Intelligence Directorate ISIDI by writing software whiCh
would automatically gather a list of tasked PRISM selectors
every two weeks to provide to the FBI and CIA. This enables
our partners to see which selectors the National Securit
A one {NSA) has tasked to PRISM.

 
  
 

 
   

. as
allowed under the 2933 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act lFISA} Amendments Act law. Prior to PRINTAURA's work,
SID had been providing the FBI and CIA with incomplete and
inaccurate lists, preventing our partners from making full
use of the PRISM program. PRINTAURA volunteered to gather
the detailed data related to each selector from multiple
locations and assemble it in a usable form. In the second
project, the PRISM Mission Program Manager (MPH) recently
began sending operational PRISM news and guidance to the
FBI and CIA so that their analysts could task the PRISM
system properly, be aware of outages and changes. and
optimize their use of PRISM. The MPH coordinated an
agreement from the SID Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act Amendments Act (FAA: Team to share this information
ueekl which_has been yell—received and a reciated.

