TOP SECRET//SI/TK//NOFORN

 

(U) Serious or exceptionally
grave damage to national
security can be expected if
this material were to be
declassiﬁed, depending on
the particular information
being revealed.

 

9.

(U) Information that contains or
reveals foreign SIGINT partner
equities

CONFIDENTIAL/REL TO
USA, FVEY at a minimum

75X1
75X3
75X6
75X9

>1‘7 5 years
from either
the date of
material or
the end of
the
particular
partnership,
whichever
is longer

(U//FOUO) This includes the
basic “fact of” specific Third
Party partnerships, names of
personnel associated with
partner organizations (Second
or Third Party), indications of
projects that were worked
with specific foreign partners
(Second or Third Party),
collection locations in partner
nations (Second or Third
Party), etc.

(U//FOUO) NSA/CSS’s
foreign partners provide NSA
with unique and valuable
insights on a wide variety of
issues that are critical to US.
national security (e.g.,
counterterrorism, combating
proliferation, and regional
stability). It is a given that
they need to protect their
equities as vehemently as
NSA/CSS protects its own.

If NSA/CSS were to release
information that revealed the
equities of its foreign partners
(Second as well as Third
Parties), the future of its
SIGINT foreign partnerships
would be at stake.

(U) Various levels of harm to
national security can be
expected if this material were
to be declassified, depending
on the particular information
being revealed.

 

 

10. (U//FOUO) Information

revealing specific overseas
collection and High-Frequency
Direction Finding (HFDF)
locations that remain open
today

 

CONFIDENTIAL/REL TO
USA, FVEY at a minimum

 

75X1
75X3
75X6

 

>1‘7 5 years
from either
the date of
material or
closure of
site,
whichever
is longer

 

(U//FOUO) Revealing
specific overseas collection
and HFDF locations could
adversely affect Third Party
SIGINT partnerships and
reveal NSA/CSS’s HFDF
capability strengths and
weaknesses. Such revelations

 

TOP SECRET//SI/TK//NOFORN

 

