TOP S E C R E T/HVCCO

ANNEX 4
WRITTEN REQUESTS

l. (S) SCOPE: It is recognized that intelligence exchanges
between the parties to this Agreement will occur throughout the
year and not be limited to scheduled conferences and meetings
only. The objective of this Annex is to clarify procedures to be
used by either party in submitting written requests to the other
party. Written requests will be limited to the scope in Annex 1
to this Agreement.

2 . (S) PROCEDURES:

a. Israeli written requests for information from DIA will be
submitted by the Israeli Defense Attache or Assistant Defense
Attache to the DIA Foreign Liaison Office. This channel is to be
used to request information requiring research, not for
information that is time—sensitive.

b. DIA written requests may be forwarded through the U.S.
Defense Attache/BIA Intelligence Liaison Officer in Tel Aviv to
the DMI External Relations Department or through the Israeli
Defense Attache Office in Washington. Israeli written requests
may be forwarded through the Israeli Defense Attache to the BIA
FOreign Liaison Office or through the U.S. Defense Atzache/DLA
Intelligence Liaison Officer in Tel Aviv.

c. It is considered appropriate that the defense attaches of
either party, during face—to-face meetings (see Annex 5), discuss
written questions with analysis personnel. If written requests
can be answered on the spot or with only minimal research, the
analyst will do so._ Those requests requiring research will be
identified by the analyst to the attache, who will then direct
the queries to the BIA Foreign Liaison Office or the DMI External
Relations Department, respectively.

TOP S E C R E T/HVCCO
Releasable U.S. and ISRAEL

l4

