10.

11.

12.

13.

other subpoenas, National Security Letters (15 U.S.C. 1681u, 1681v; 18 U.S.C.
2709; 12 U.S.C. 3414(a)(5)(A); 50 U.S.C. 436), and Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act orders for the production of tangible things (50 U.S.C. 1861-63).

Accessing stored wire and electronic communications and transactional records in
conformity with chapter 121 of title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 2701—
2712}

Use of pen registers and trap and trace devices in conformity with chapter 206 of
title 18, United States Code (18 U.S.C. 3121-3127), or the Foreign Intelligence
Surveillance Act (50 U.S.C. 1841-1846).

Electronic surveillance in conformity with chapter 119 of title 18, United States
Code (18 U.S.C. 2510-2522), the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or

' Executive Order 12333 § 2.5.

Physical searches, including mail openings, in conformity with Rule 41 of the
Federal Rules of Cn'minal Procedure, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, or
Executive Order. 12333 § 2.5. A classiﬁed directive provides additional limitation
on certain searches.

Acquisition of foreign intelligence information in conformity with title VII of the
Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. '

SPECIAL REQUIREMENTS

Beyond the limitations noted in the‘ list above relating to particular investigative methods,
the following requirements are to be observed:

1.

Contacts with Represented Persons

Contact with represented persons may implicate legal restrictions and affect the
admissibility of resulting evidence. Hence, if an individual is known to be
represented by counsel in a particular matter, the FBI will follow applicable law
and Department procedure Concerning contact with represented individuals in the
absence of prior notice to counsel. The Special Agent in Charge and the United
States Attorney or their designees shall consult periodically on applicable law and
Department procedure. Where issues arise concerning the consistency of contacts
with represented persons with applicable attorney conduct rules, the United States
Attorney’s Ofﬁce should consult with the Professional Responsibility Advisory
Ofﬁce.

32

