also determine that assignees of other appropriate agencies. within the Intelligence Community.
will be made available to perlonn nppropristc duties at the Terrorist Screening Canter. [U]

E strusddr

{T} Fersonnei assigned to the Terrorist Screening |Center will his: appropriate access to the TI'iC
database and any releyaot intelligence information necessary to perform the Terrorist Screening
Center's functions. To the extent required by law. the Patties to this Memorandum mot-'joimly
determine the circumstonces under which personnel from the Intelligence Community. assigned
to the Terrorist Screening Center in accordance with paragraph {d}. may participate in the
functions of the Terrorist Screening Center relating to US. persons. [U]

[ll]: The Director at the Terrorist Screening Center will establish necessary procedures and
safeguards to ensure the Terrorist Screening lIL'ltrnter‘s functions are carried out in a manner
consistent with the Constinttion and applicable lat-us. including. but not limited to. procedures to:

{a} address the repeated misidentiﬁcetion ol'pctsons in any 1.1.3- Govcnunent screening. process:

{b} regularly review inl'psntetiprt, and tr} pmmptly adjust or delete erroneous ﬂr outdated
infon'nation: and

to] protect personal privacy. {U}

{9} IZonsistettt with the President's directive. the Secretary of State. in consultation with the
Secretary ol‘ Homeland Security. the Attentey General. and the Director of Central Intelligent.
and. wetrlting with the Dire-Islets of the Term-tint Screening Center. neit later than lEIll- day's frdrt'l
Indly. will recommend ten the i’resident thst'iugh the Assistant it: the President fer Ham'slttl'td
Security and the Assistant to the President for Rational Security Affai rs. a proposal for
cooperating 1iI'iI'itI'i certain foreign governments [beginning with those countries for which the
United States has waived visa requirements} to establish appropriate access to terrorist screening
inl‘ormation ol' the participating governments. in a manner consistent with each gcwe mment's
laws. and to preside operational support to the participating gpyernments- {U}

Terrorist Threat Integration lI.'.'.'enter {THC} Identities Database

{ill} The TTl'C database will include. to the extent pen'ttitted by law. all infermtttiert the US.
government possesses related to the identities ol'indiyiduals known or appropriately suspected to
be or have been inyolyed in activities pnnstituting. in preparation for. in. aid of. or related tci
terrorism. with the exception of Purely Domestic Tcnorism in lonnation. {LI}

[1 i]- As directed by the President. and to the extent pennitted by law. Federal departments and
agencies will provide to the 'tTlt: on an ongoing basis all relevant Terrorist Information in their
possession. custody. or control. with the eacetition ot'Pureiy Domestic Terrorism lnl'dnnntion.
which will instead he prpuided directly to the FE]. Departments and agencies will continue to

Page 3 of E

