TOP SECRET/lCOMINTNNOFORN/llm20168

Information made available to NSA analysts as a result of processing telephony
metadata records acquired by any lawful means, such as electronic surveillance,
physical search, or the use of a pen register or trap and trace device, or other
information, reveals that the telephone number is used by an individual associated
with a foreign power or foreign territory.

With respect to Internet communications:

0

Information indicates that the electronic communications account/address/identifier
has been used to communicate directly with an electronic communications
account/address/identifier reasonably believed by the US. Intelligence Community to
be used by an individual associated with a foreign power or foreign territory;

Information indicates that a user of the electronic communications account/address/
identiﬁer has communicated directly with an individual reasonably believed to be
associated with a foreign power or foreign territory;

Information indicates that the electronic communications account/address/identiﬁer is
included in the "buddy list” or address book of an electronic communications
account/address/identifrer reasonably believed by the US. Intelligence Community to
be used by an individual associated with a foreign power or foreign territory;

Information indicates that the electronic communications account/address/identiﬁer
has been transmitted during a telephone call or other communication with an
individual reasonably believed by the US. Intelligence Community to be associated
with a foreign power or foreign territory;

Public Internet postings match the electronic communications account/address/
identiﬁer to an individual reasonably believed by the US. Intelligence Community to
be associated with a foreign power or foreign territory;

Information contained in various NSA~maintained knowledge databases of foreign
intelligence information acquired by any lawﬁtl means, such as electronic
surveillance, physical search, the use of a pen register or trap and trace device, or
other information, reveals that electronic communications account/address/identiﬁer
has been previously used by an individual associated with a foreign power or foreign
territory;

Information made available to NSA analysts as a result of processing metadata
records acquired by any lawful means, such as electronic surveillance, physical
search, or the use of a pen register or trap and trace device, or other information,
reveals that the electronic communications account/address/identifier is used by an
individual associated with a foreign power or foreign territory; or

Infonnation indicates that Internet Protocol ranges and/or specific electronic
identifiers or signatures (e. g., specific types of cryptology or steganograpliy) are used
almost exclusively by individuals associated with a foreign power or foreign territory,

TOP SECRET/lCOMINT/lNOFORN/ll0320108
5

