WWW

communications. _§g S. Rep. 105—185, at 27 (1998). When it
originally enacted §§ 1841—1846 in 1998, Congress recognized that
pen register and trap and trace information is not protected by
the Fourth Amendment and concluded that a lower standard for
authorization “was necessary in order to permit, as is the case
in criminal investigations, the use of this very valuable
investigative tool at the critical early stages of foreign
intelligence and international terrorism investigations.” gs.
These 1998 provisions included a form of a “reasonable suSpicion"
standard for pen register/trap and trace authorizations.“— As
part of the USA PATRIOT Act in 2001, Congress lowered the
standard again, to the current requirement of relevanc:e.‘*‘2 Given

this history, it is obvious that Congress intended pen register

 

“ Under the provisions enacted in 1998, a pen register or
trap and trace application had to include “information which
demonstrates that there is reason to believe” that a
communication facility “has been or is about to be used in
Communication with," inter alia, “an individual who is engaging
or has engaged in international terrorism or clandestine
intelligence activities.“ Public Law 105—272 § 601(2).

” The legislative history of the USA PATRIOT Act reflects
that, “in practice." the standard passed in 1998 was “almost as
burdensome as the requirement to show probable cause required .

for more intrusive techniques" and that the FBI “made a clear
case that a relevance standard is appropriate for
counterintelligence and counterterrorism investigations.” 147
Cong. Rec. 511003 (daily ed. Oct. 25, 2001) (statement of Sen.
Leahy).

MW

29

