W

and trap and trace authorizations to be more readily available
than authorizations for electronic surveillance to acquire the
full contents of communications.

The Court also recognizes that, for reasons of both
constitutional authority and practical competence, deference
should be given to the fully considered judgment of the executive
branch in assessing and responding to national security threats23
and in determining the potential significance of intelligence—

related information.“ Such deference is particularly

 

” See, e.g., Reno v. American—Arab AntiaDiscrimination
Comm., 525 U.S. 471, 491 (1999) (“a court would be ill equipped
to determine [the] authenticity and utterly unable to assess
[the] adequacy” of the executive's security or foreign policy
reasons for treating certain foreign nationals as “a special
threat"); Regan v. Wald, 468 U.S. 222, 243 (1984) (giving “the
traditional deference to executive judgment” in foreign affairs
in sustaining President's decision to restrict travel to Cuba
against a Due Process Clause challenge); Si; Department of Nagy
v. Egan, 484 U.S. 518, 529 (1988) (outside body reviewing
executive branch decisions on eligibility for security clearances
could not “determine what constitutes an acceptable margin of
error in assessing the potential risk").

“ The Supreme Court has observed that, in deciding whether
disclosing particular information might compromise an
intelligence source, what “may seem trivial to the uninformed,
may appear of great moment to one who has a broad view of the
scene and may put the questioned item of information in its
proper context.” CIA v. Sims, 471 U.S. 159, 178 (1985) (internal
quotation and citation omitted). Accordingly, the decisions of

“who must of course be familiar with ‘the whole
picture,‘ as judges are not, are worthy of great deference given
the magnitude of the national security interests and potential

(continued...)

W

30

