—4HNL4HKHEH¥¥HGS%%GQH£N¥%¥RGFQRH-

trace surveillance might itself implicate the Fourth Amendment.“
However, that suggestion would be at odds with precedent that the
subsequent use of the results of a search cannot itself involve
an additional or continuing violation of the Fourth Amendment.
For example, in United States v. Calandra, 414 U.S. 33B (1974),
it was argued that each question before a grand jury “based.on
evidence obtained from an illegal search and seizure constitutes
a fresh and independent violation of the witness' constitutional
rights," and that such questioning involved “an additional

intrusion" into the privacy of the witness “in violation of the

 

“ The public disclosure of aggregated and compiled data
has been found to impinge on privacy interests protected under
the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), even if the information
was previously available to the public in a scattered, less
accessible form. See United States Dept. of Justice v. Reporters
Comm. for Freedom of the Press, 489 U.S. 749 (1989) (FBI “rap
sheets," including public—record information on arrests and
disposition of criminal charges, qualified for “personal privacy"
exemption from disclosure under FOIA, 5 U.S.C. § 552(b){7)(C));
but cf. Paul v. Davis, 424 U.S. 693, 712—13 (1976) (circulating a
flyer publicizing an arrest for shoplifting did not violate
constitutional right to privacy). In this case, because section
1842 authorizes the Attorney General to apply for pen
registerXtrap and trace authorities “[n]othwithstanding any other
provision of law," 50 U.S.C. § 1842(a)(1), and states that the
Court “shall enter an ex parte order . . . approving the
installation and use of a pen register or trap and trace device”
upon a finding “that the application satisfies the requirements
of [section 1842]," id. § 1842(d)(1), the Court has no need to
consider how other statutes, such as the Privacy Act, 5 U.S.C.
§ 552a, might apply to the proposed activities of the Government.

-—T6P—SEERE¥%%HGG%%GQEEE¥%%N9¥9RN—-

64

