WW
content addressing information does not violate the First
Amendment.“9
IV. TO ENSURE LAWFUL IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS SURVEILLANCE
AUTHORITY, NSA IS ORDERED TO COMPLY WITH THE PROPOSED
RESTRICTIONS AND PROCEDURES, AS MODIFIED BY THE COURT.
The proposed collection involves an extraordinarily broad
implementation of a type of surveillance that Congress has
regulated by statute, even in its conventional, more narrowly
targeted form. To ensure that this authority is implemented in a
lawful manner, NSA is ordered to comply with the restrictions and

procedures set out below at pages 82—87, which the Court has

adapted from the Government's application.50 Adherence to them

 

” The court in Paton v. La Prade, 459 F. Supp. 773, 780—82
(D.N.J. 1978), held that a mail cover on a dissident political
organization violated the First Amendment because it was
authorized under a regulation that was overbroad in its use of
the undefined term “national security." In contrast, this pen
register/trap and trace surveillance does not target a political
group and is authorized pursuant to statute on the grounds of
relevance to an investigation to protect against “international
terrorism," a term defined at 50 U.S.C. § lBOltc). This
definition has been upheld against a claim of First Amendment
overbreadth. Sgg United States v. Falvez, 540 F. Supp. 1306,
1314—15 (E.D.N.Y. 1982).

W The principal changes that the Court has made from the
procedures described in the application are the inclusion of a
“First Amendment proviso" as part of the “reasonable suspicion"

standard for an —to be used as the basis

for querying archived meta data, see pages 57-58 above, the

 

adoption of a date after which me”a data may not be retained, 569
pages 70—71 below, and an enhanced role for the NSA’s Office of
(continued...)

——T03—SECRE¥#%HGS#%GOHIN¥%%N9¥ORN——

69

